oh my goodness I didn't see you there on
account of the reason that I can't see
you anyways before we get into the video
which I'm very excited for you to see by
the way I just like to take a second to
thank today's sponsor file oh the file
you can save tons of money by cutting
traditional cable once and for all file
allows you to watch all your favorite TV
shows in their current season from your
laptop phone or television without that
outdated cable box to tie you down but
John I love overpaying for cable TV I
talked to him it get a hold of yourself
they tricked you for only $20 a month
you get access to over fifty-seven
channels for a fraction of the price
it's a no-brainer and also for anyone
who clicks a link in my description
they're giving away a 7-day free trial
and 30% off your first month right now
I'm watching drunk history on Comedy
Central but you may fancy something more
like The Walking Dead so show him some
love click the link in the description
and get watching your favorite TV shows
today
this is John's New England featuring
John and New England I've come here to
the historic land of New England some
might consider it an update to Old
England but sometimes an update is less
like an iPhone and more like a Windows
Vista the settlers left their homes from
far and wide over 400 years ago to
sculpt this vast landscape and it was
pretty much like back home except with
less buildings roads and infrastructure
and more wolves bears and Spears chucks
directly at their heads but lucky for us
here in New Hampshire now they have
running water and new hampshire men and
new hampshire women have been living
together in relative peace and
prosperity unless as this sign on the
state line dictates you're not living
free in which case they'll murder you so
why have I come to this land you may ask
well I'll tell you it's because I'd like
to learn and master the culinary
techniques of these great peoples all
the while doing it just like the
settlers did all those centuries ago by
living off the fat of the land itself
but to make a good New England clam
chowder you need a couple good New
England ingredients step 1 gathering
plan hunting just living off the good
graces of Mother Earth
you don't anything but you yourself and
your wits that's gonna take a good one
it's okay another one just like they
living off the land like mom and pop
that's a beautiful wonder she's gonna go
great in the stew thanks thanks thanks
Gaea Thank You Gaea but how you gonna
eat a meal if you can't season it so
I've come to gather salt at my local
salt mine this is like restricted thing
you can't go there this is like no you
can't go in I mean you couldn't they
have to cover it up insult to injury
salt in the wound if you will I didn't
know you needed the US Coast Guard to
guard a little salt newsflash okay we're
not monsters just want our soup to taste
a little bit better [__]
this is private I don't you just live
off Flynn right like that's how this
Uggla's is I just live off the land
right it's looking a bit uh Lance
looking a bit barren I the corn or wheat
or frankly whatever that was I was
hoping for you know a garden of gourds
mushrooms cucumbers tomatoes but I'm
getting more like a kind of a true noble
vibe you know just like the settlers
before me I'm just gonna you know make
the best of it and hopefully rely on
those for sustenance you know keep me
through the winter whose get the
crossbow crossbow that can be sustenance
you stay there you stay there I'm not
the land is being hard to live off dude
all right
it's just starting to piss me off a
little undeterred I followed the trails
of the exotic wilds of the local Wow
Mars must be navajo mother nature
finally smiled upon me and laid forth
her bounty a bush lacroix dad's rare
spices from the Orient and the succulent
ham of the
see Manatee it was time to take my it
was time to take my Goods home
that's a bounty and the first thing
you're gonna wanna do you gotta get
shucking you gonna want to shuck right
get those bad boys out it is a strange
clam though I will admit but you got it
you got to work with what Mother Nature
gives you sometimes you get a little
reminder God giveth he can take youth
away or just give you a pooping a claim
now we got to get those bad boys in the
pot smell it already
I can taste you all right now they've
got the clams in there we got to get the
rest of our ingredients which I'm sure
is frankly something that's how they do
it in Japan - onions I know was it like
a said Cheerios milk that's just for me
though
and now the all-important step the clam
juice which actually exists for real
[Music]
it's a oh my they sell it they sell it
don't drink it it's pure all-natural but
don't drink it some things you just
don't do now you just stir that up and
you let it sit would you look at that
just like mama made it a feast for the
eyes and the stomach all right now while
we let that simmer we gotta catch
ourselves a fish and that's why I've
come here to Sanders fish market in
Portsmouth New Hampshire so hopefully
get one that's at least adequate here we
are at the local fish market just like
the old days would you consider yourself
a fishmonger
yes I would so it's not a slur we can
still call you that
which of these fish tastes the best
scallops and shrimp are definitely up
there books - scallops is there like a
scallop it said wrong see it comes in a
shell and it is basically just a big
muscle and it's just a clam she's just
talking about clams all right he could
have shortened it now is this a
consensual relationship between you and
the fishmongers what kind of what kind
of fish is this
what kind of fish is this can i buy that
guy yeah he's not for sale no can you
explain that you got a banana in with
your fish yeah well yes you'd like to
mix things up here we're a little
unconventional liberals when you take
the fish's head off is it usually dead
it's already died and got it unless it's
a crab that's a difference you got
against crabs people like to cook them
at home so we start by cutting off the
face we removed the gills and we rip out
their rear now you don't want to get the
soft-shell crab treatment so bad it's a
bad time to be a soft-shell crab
wouldn't you say season is just about
over no I just mean in general is there
every time you don't cut the face off
the soft-shell crab if they want to do
it themselves at home sure if they're on
good behavior they don't tend to be on
good behavior you just are a lady you
don't like a soft-shell crab you also
like cutting their faces and pull their
ears out if you're looking for fresh
fish and quality fish stop at Sanders
and Portsmouth New Hampshire you heard
it here first fish achieved
you sit tight I should tide you over in
the meantime and we're back in the
kitchen ready to make our main entree
the New England baked haddock breaded
buttered and beautiful now I warn you
this is an advanced recipe so if you
don't get it on your first try don't be
discouraged all right everyone
here we go Wow just like mama used to
make it before the accident all right
well we let this simmer why don't we go
take a look around at the local history
and learn something because there's
plenty of it mm-hmm nothing gets my
appetite going like the thought of
thousands upon thousands of young
British soldiers killing each other over
what I would consider to be petty
squabbles this is Fort McCleary State
Park used in so many wars they've pretty
much lost count like the Revolutionary
War the war of 1812 the Civil War World
War one and the spanish-american war
which I didn't even know happened until
now I guess we would unfortunately in
1808 they didn't yet know how to build
houses as seen by this I mean really
what the [__] is this [__] it's not so
roofing here and it's just straight it's
just straight up ground I wouldn't want
to be the rifleman man he had a bad gig
nice window though I guess if you want a
[__] die of exposure go go go the
British are coming
we're also the British too which means
we're coming oh this is 1605 nuclear
bomb button destroyed [__] next time
you try to take America look out for
[__] London
now if you don't excuse me I've got a
war of my own to start with the Chipotle
burrito I had for lunch victory this is
this is literally cleaner than most
bathrooms in the tri-state
I'd take it I'd take a deuce in that
please close when done okay
they love compliance here in this state
can't forget to wash those hands I'm be
cooking soon step 3 to step to eat
dinging it's ready a feast fit for a
king dig in everyone hold on actually no
but I'm looking at it from like this
angle it's all wrong it's all wrong
understand like nobody from around here
would eat this freaking settlers
would've eaten this food in his despair
John realized there are few things
unforgivable in this world unfortunately
a poor clam chowder is one of them so
John returned to the sea from whence he
came join us next time as we explore the
dense jungles of Borneo the smoldering
pits of man pursue Vyas and the
bombed-out wastelands of Atlantic City
New Jersey thank you good night
so this house that we're staying in I
think the owner may have an obsession
with like dead and/or wounded and or
dying birds because they are everywhere
a dead bird number what is this like a
dead pheasant this is wild duck shooting
okay so I'm gonna count that is two
that's two dead or dying or wounded
Birds all right this is pheasant
shooting we got one two a partridge
shooting I'm just gonna count it as a
one that's a total of six floor - we got
one hanging upside down I'm not sure
what's wrong with him another sculpture
one hanging upside down that's eight
nine ten sleep well another one of the
same variety 11 struggling beech narlow
peach spermwhale
[__] run is that an Amazon River
Dolphin what the [__] is going on in
this
we've got the wounded snipe and the
dying Woodcock this is not dead this is
not wounded
this is passing between worlds that
Woodcock that's the one people made the
meme out of with me the wood axe
I like that video a lot alright so I
lost count what's the tally
[Music]